Remove dead link (#25758)
mdn/translated-content: files/zh-tw/learn_web_development/core/scripting/useful_string_methods/index.md

**好的，在你腦袋燒壞之前先別擔心！**在這趟學習旅程中，關於這些大部分對於現在的你其實還不需要知道。不過有一些你可能會經常使用，我們將在這裡介紹。

> Let's enter some examples into a fresh console. We've provided one below (you can also use the [browser developer console](/zh-TW/docs/Learn_web_development/Howto/Tools_and_setup/What_are_browser_developer_tools) if you'd prefer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
讓我們在[瀏覽器開發者控制台](/zh-TW/docs/Learn_web_development/Howto/Tools_and_setup/What_are_browser_developer_tools)輸入一些範例。
```

Author: great! applied
